This is RTH 5 minute chart of E-mini provided by Al Brooks.

To conclude the context of the whole day, it can be called "Trading Range Day". Al Brooks mentioned it as "Trading Range Day with Late Bull Breakout" which means mostly of day was in trading range but there was a bull breakout late in the day.

The day started by big gap down below yesterday's low (Al Brooks wrote as "Yest.low") or the low of Wednesday, Mar 18 2026. With the context of strong bears from yesterday and big gap down on the open, the bears might still control the market. Anyway, it was also a sell climax which lured profit takers, so it means there should be a pullback. The market pulled back to Yest.low and testing it by consecutive bull bars (bar#3 to bar#5) which was quite strong. You can see Al Brooks has the first red arrow of the day at bar#7 even if after the strong bulls. I think Al Brooks may think that after sell climax on the open and the first and the second bar was quite far below 20EMA, the market might pull back to 20EMA, so it means one could long here (the first green arrow of the day at bar#4 or the second green arrow at bar#5). Anyway, I personally don't like to long in the open because the market could reverse anytime because of the strong bears context of yesterday plus big gap down on the open, so I prefer to look for shorting. I think the second arrow of the day at bar#10 was a first good trade of today because the market went below the low of bar#7 (triggering sell signal) and went up to test Yes.low and 20EMA again and fail. So bar#9 also was a double top short signal bar after failure of the bulls and after triggering sell signal before making double top.

Anyway, you have to be careful after the market went down to bar#12 again because leg up to bar#9 double top was quite strong, Even if there was a double top, 50% chance, there would be another leg up which it did on bar#20. The bears tried to trap the bulls again above bar#14 at 20EMA but the bar#13 was too good to go down immediately. The market could go down to be another low below the low of bar#1 after fail at 20EMA. Like I said, in trading range it is 50-50 chance for both bulls and bears and we don't know the path exactly. It is very difficult to know the path of near future in real-time. Like I said again, bar#13 was too good, so there could be another leg up and it should be a bull trap. The high of bar#21 was missed measured move of the height of bar#16 to bar#17 (weak channel in smaller timeframe) by only 2-tick (or 0.50 points in E-mini).

Then after failure at 20EMA, the market went down from bar#22 to bar#28 in pattern of tight bear channel and breakout below the low of bar#23 (in two-leg move) is 10.50 points which exceeds breakout range, so there should be another leg down after pullback. The pullback to bar#32 was every strong but it should be expected as the second leg bull trap and it did. The high of bar#39 indicates that the bulls tried to go up again and failed. This is because the effect of prior strong bear leg and going down from bar#32 to bar #35 was quite good for the bears too, so the bulls who bought breakout above the high of bar#37 was trapped (even if it went above the high of bar#37 by 5.25 points which exceeds 50% of breakout range) and it was the bear flag and the double top lower high just testing the bear trend line drew from the high of bar#22 to the high of bar#32. It is also a pattern of "truncated wedge top" (the high of the third leg doesn't exceed the high of the second leg) which Al Brooks sometimes uses this term.

The Market went down again after truncated wedge top and double top lower high. This is the second leg down of the first leg down I mentioned before. It could be a bear trap and double bottom with the low of bar#12 and it did. After second leg down, there was a pullback in the pattern of two-leg move up or bear flag (bar#45 to bar#53). If it should be a common bear flag, the market should go down again to at least the low of bar#1. But suddenly, there was a move of breakout above the high of bar#53 to the high of bar#57 by 8.00 points). This is unusual for the bears and even if there was a strong leg down from bar#58 to bar#63 in the pattern of tight bear channel, it could be just a one leg strong pullback. Anyway, because of the probability that it could be a wedge top double top bear flag (three-leg move), and with the context that the market might still be in a bear channel which occurred by complex two-leg move since bar#23 to bar#45. This is the difficult situation in trading range which often confuses traders.

Suddenly, from bar#65, the bulls pushed the upside breakout strongly. Nevertheless, this could be the second leg bull trap in complex two-leg move up) because of the context of strong bears from yesterday and big gap down on the open as I said before. The high of bar#68 exceeds the measured move target of failed wedge top which calculated by the low of bar#45 to the high of bar#57. And it is just a testing 20EMA of 1-hour chart which doesn't show in this chart but Al Brooks shew red bear trend line in a compressed small 1-hour chart in this chart which is concurrent to its 20EMA.

At the end of day, the bulls hoped for continuation after successful breakout above the trading range most of the day but the bears would bet second leg bull trap. We will know tomorrow which side will win. You can also see Al Brooks said in his compressed small 1-hour chart "Bear Channel Breakout or Broad Trading Range?" which means he wasn't sure that the market would go a lot up and up and being a broad bear channel in 1-hour chart or it will go down further tomorrow. What is my desicion? I would probably still bet on the bear side which means I bet on "Bear Channel Breakout" because of breakout range below the low of 5-day range which is far enough for successful bear breakout. I might be wrong and the market could be a broad bear channel like Al Brooks' second expectation but, anyway, broad bear channel is one type of bear trend. So it means it may be difficult to short at today's high and hold positions with wide stoploss very far above, but at last, the bears might win.