This is RTH 5 minute chart of E-mini provided by Al Brooks.

(Note: "Yesterday" refers to Tuesday, 17 Mar 2026.)
(Note: When I use braces {bar#a-b-c}, "a" refers to the high/low of the first push, "b" refers to the high/low of the second push, and "c" refers to the high/low of the third push of the wedge.)

To conclude the overall context of the whole day, it can be called "Bear Trend Day" (Al Brooks didn't use this words in this chart). Al Brooks mentioned it as "trading range open" or "limit order open", then sideways and then bear trend resumption.

The day started by big gap down on the open of day (Al Brooks didn't show the word "big gap down" in his chart too). The first bar of day opened by big gap down or big bear breakout. The low of this bar went below the low of yesterday (Tuesday, Mar 17 2026) by 22.50 points which exceeds breakout range of E-mini 5 minute chart which is 10 points by more than 2 times. So bear breakout was likely successful but, in real-time, we don't know how high the pullback will be in advance. The market shew trading range open (8 overlapped bars) below 20EMA of this chart which indicates strong bears. The market went below "Overnight low" which is the low of Monday, Mar 16 2026 and, more important, it went below the low of the first bar of day by 7.75 points on the first leg and then followed by the second leg which broke below the low of bar#10 to the low of bar#12 by 14.75 points which reached the measured move target calculated from the height of trading range open (high of bar#4 to low of bar#1). Measured move target is one of reliable support or resistance. When the market reached a significant price as support by measured move target, the market was likely to pullback. The market also reached the big measured move target which is the height of whole day range of yesterday. The two-legs-down (parabolic wedge bottom - "Wedge, double bottom" by Al Brooks) reached more than two measured move targets and the whole context was also a sell climax which lured profit takers. Note that "Parabolic Wedge Bottom" is one pattern of sell climax.

Anyway, by the concept of breakout range even if it reached two important measured move targets, the reversal from the support is likely just a pullback. The market pulled back to 20EMA and failed. The market went sideway in the pattern of bear channel (high of bar#20 to low of bar#49). If you draw two parallel channel lines, you will see bear channel in this sideway. Al Brooks called this bear channel "Tight trading range" and it is also limit order trading (buy low - sell high - and scalp).

The market broke below bear channel to the end of day. Al Brooks called it "Bear trend resumption after FOMC report and press conference" When the market firstly broke below bear channel, it had hesitation of breakout by bar#62 and bar#63 and the bulls tried to make wedge bottom pattern here. Anyway, if you measured breakout range below bar#59 (low of bar#59 to low of bar#61 or bar#62), it was around 9.00 to 10.00 points. So it was too deep and the bulls desperately tried to make bear breakout to be failed.

When the market went below the low of bar#63 again to the low of bar#67, it was quite clear that bear breakout would be successful by 60% even if there should have any pullback after it. So there were eager bears short above strong bull breakout bar like bar#67 because of this phenomenon. The rest of the day was bear breakout again and again in the pattern of small pullback bear trend to bar#81. There were 20 bars (bar#62 to bar#81) below 20EMA. You should recognize it because when most of the bars are below 20EMA in the pattern of tight bear channel or small pullback bear trend (the pullback is small with 1-3 bars), it indicates strong bears. The high of those 20 bars never touched 20EMA since bar#62.